ROS has developed Solidworks add-in tool for automatical conversion from Solidworks assembly to urdf package.
Here is the link: http://wiki.ros.org/sw_urdf_exporter

There are still a lot of bugs during the process of conversion, here are some tips:
1. At the beginning, don't manually choose any axis, coordinate or joint type during configuration, just fill in the name of link and joint and choose the part belonged to this link. After build the whole tree of link, press export and it will automatically generate the coordinate and axis. The joint axis should be correct if the mate is set correctly.

2. After automatical generation, usually the world coordinate is totally wrong, you can manually set up all coordinates. If you don't know how to choose the coordinate, you may refer some commercial robot arms like pr2. In order to have a end effector link, you can set up a coordinate for it and add your eef link to be child of the wrist link. Remember the joint type between eef link and wrist link should be fixed. The eef link just helps you conveniently do eef pose computation. You don't need to always compensate the length of the gripper.

3. After coordinate is done, go back to the UI of configuration, fill in the coordinate, axis and joint type and export the configuration. In the post-configuration menu, you can fill in the low and high limit of your joint if you choose your joint type to be revolute. Remember the automatically generated inertial moments of link are wrong. You should use Solidworks to get the correct inertial moments of each link relative to your coordinate. Some mass center and mass can also be wrong. But make sure that you can't change these parameters in the post-configuration menu. You'd better change them directly in the urdf file. Otherwise I assume it will affect the generation of mesh file which finally leads to the unstable of arm model in gazebo. If you don't need to lode the model in gazebo, all the stuffs about inertial moments are irelevant to you. 

4. When you create moveit package for your arm model and let it go somewhere, you may find some joints rotate the opposite way. You just need to flip the joint axis in urdf file and it is fine.
